hello guys I Apple jailbreaker here and
we have Siri for iOS 5.1 point 1 okay
the first up you want to go into cydia
and you want to download you want to add
the repo I hacks repo com okay then you
want to go into the search bar and then
search for spite for iOS 5.1 even though
you're running iOS 5.1 point 1 this will
still work so let's just go to about and
as you can see that i'm running iOS 5.1
point 1 okay so as you can see I have
Siri here so after you install Siri the
next thing you're going to do is go into
spire in the settings tab and you're
going to add this repo I mean dislike
web address I'll put this web address in
the link or description below or out an
application it okay so as you can see
I'll just pronounce it out https colon
slash slash Siri word jelly com colon 44
43 okay see that guy and then after you
do that you want to go into Safari and
you want to install the certificate by
going into word jelly com /c acert tem
that link will be in the description
also so let's just test out CA on iOS
5.1 point 1 hi theory
greetings sir dash okay there you go it
works perfectly fine so let's get test
some other things like what's the time
in France what's the time in France time
in France is 325 there yeah as you can
see it worked perfectly fine um very
neat okay note I have to eat today okay
that was weird though here is your note
okay that was pretty good and then set a
timer for two minutes setting the timer
your timer is set for two minutes as you
can see that was pretty fast and it was
very good so that's it and extensions
for i'll like iphone 4s like translate
theory and stuff like that it will work
for spite thanks for watching guys don't
forget to subscribe like this video and
come in thank you